# Parliament-Content-Portal-of-Bangladesh
 As an online Parliament Content Portal of Bangladesh, an entryway permits parliament members to interfere with each other and discover content that is important effortlessly and straight forwardness. It consolidates data from various sources into a solitary UI. So now we are going to talk about the user scenario of our content portal. A user can visit our site or portal and they can see the post titles and click them to view the post. They can explore many more related posts and posts they like. Now the user (only member of parliament ) wants to share their own content but first they have to signup as a user in the content portal to sign up the user’s first need to authorized by admin. Then after they can login from login page. The required form and also email field must be unique. If the user wants to login he or she must fill up the ‘EMAIL and Password’ note that both fields are required and the password must match for the corresponding email. After login the user is greeted with the dash board. The dashboard contains ‘add new, show content, search content and logout’ the user can delete their content on the Show content section the user can also edit any of their previous content and they can view their content and also add a new content. Admin can see content section for the all user, can also edit any of their previous content and they can view their content and also add a new content. After clicking the logout button the user is dropped on the home page once again. Note: The users of the system are not controlled by any common admin so the users can enjoy full freedom.
